Join us for a day in the life where we help teach a class at Harvard Law School,
which you probably don't know because they really modest about it is
where we went to law school before our morning flight to Boston.
We grab a nice breakfast from the Delta lounge and Macklin
talks about Delta not responding to his D MS for sponsorship.
We then get to campus with enough time to take a walk through memory lane.
I threw up here
including the exact seats where we met for the first time Macklin asks
if we can role play our first interaction for old time's sake.
And I begrudgingly agree.
Are you charging me with a crime
because you're the prosecutor? Finally, the class starts and students file in.
It's the last day of a winter course on leadership fundamentals.
The professor plays one of our videos and then we lecture a
bit on the intersection of the no one cares about that.
Next, we go to lunch with a professor and a few students.
We hear rumors that there was a waitlist to join us.
Macklin talks about the important aspects of life after you graduate from Harvard,
like how high the membership fees for the Illuminati have become.